{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Lots of confusion around how tinkering affects teams. \
If a plan is created and the coach starts tinkering with it, they often get unexpected messages about other players, who have not been subbed off or on getting more, or fewer slots.\
\
Some confusion was observed around adding extra matches to a tournament. They were not expecting to have to add a team name before pressing the \'91add match\'92 button.\
\
In regular \'91season mode\'92 when a new match is created I think a simplification would be to have a \'91Review the match plan\'92 button. It gives a more simplified view of how the team will line up in each slot. Perhaps have 2 or even 4 slots displayed in a simplified format - e.g.\
\
	Slot 1 		| Slot 2 		| \
GK - 	Ali		| Ali			|\
DEF - 	Jago, Harris	| Jago, *Jude* 	|\
MID -  Kobe		| *Eli* 			|\
ATT - 	Rowan	| Rowan		|\
\
At this point the coach can choose to tinker. When they make a sub, they could perhaps either \'91recalculate\'92 all the other slots or just make changes and accept that some players will have fewer minutes / some quarters will have a weaker team? Perhaps flag players who have fewer slots? It could work that after displaying the lineups in a simplified / table view that the \'91stats\'92 are displayed - i.e. how many slots each player will play\
\
In a tournament recently, the same child sat out two matches altogether\'85.in a row! This was unexpected. There should be some kind of check to make sure players don\'92t have too long on the sidelines consecutively.\
\
After a coach has \'91reviewed the plan\'92 (and potentially made changes) they should be able to either \'91Start match\'92 and have the pitch view or return to the previous screen. Any changes made to the plan must persist. \
Perhaps a \'91Save changes\'92 option on the review the plan section?\
\
When a match is live - a timer should be displayed.\
It should be configurable whether this is a count up timer, or a count down timer.\
If the match time duration is set on the \'91Create match\'92 screen (or create tournament screen) that would be the time at which the countdown starts. So if we have 12 minute match durations in a tournament - the timer should count down from 6 minutes (assuming this is 2 blocks)\
\
It would be very nice if there could be an audible alert or a vibration?? On a mobile device once the countdown is reached. I think a count up timer should be the default.\
\
Any components used in creating matches / during match play etc. should be the same (as much as is possible) in season and tournament mode so that it is easy for a coach. It also will make it easier for me if making changes in the future. Any automated tests should include a check on tournament and season mode so that any discrepancies are picked up and logged.\
\
The \'91report bug\'92 function requires a GitHub account. My users didn\'92t understand what that meant and were unable to report bugs directly to me.\
\
Minor, \'91fun\'92 feedback - if selecting the most competitive option on the slider the \'91warning\'92 message should be light hearted and different each time. Perhaps 10 different messages?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Careful, Sir Alex! It\'92s grassroots, not a cup final.
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b Even Klopp rotates his squad! Give the bench a run.
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b Parking the bus? Make sure everyone gets on it first.
\f2\b0 \

\f1\b Save the tactical masterclass; let's ensure everyone gets a game.
\f2\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Great team, but remember: no Ballon d'Ors at this level.\
Three points are nice, but so is equal playing time.\
Steady on Pep - this isn\'92t the champions league.\
\
Think more Ted Lasso and less Roy Kent\
\
Etc.\
\

\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}